# **Results Analysis**
## *Descriptive*
We took a look at sales finding the best selling items like iphones which was found by using a ranking tool, using the same ranking tool we were able to identify the best selling product per region as well. We also calculated the amount of money earned per mounth and if the revenue keeps increasing or decreasing and based on the output the revenue keeps increasing up to the end of the year, with months like september having a huge boost of income generation. we made sure that we checked how monthly sales change from one month to the next and therefore finding out that some month have high sales compared to the others. customers spendings were also checked and finding out that some customers spend more and others less. Purchase or orders jumps up a bit as well during busy times but usually remain normal, and this gives us something to work with when solving our deliveries problem.

## *Diagnostic*
Top selling products gets more attention because they are sold in areas where they are most needed and because they are easy to deliver in the area. The increase in monthly sales is due to busy shopping seasons mostly holidays and drops in august due to lack of delivery drivers or shortage is stock. The customers are placed into groups and those groups are uneven because some customer are richer and spend more compared to others, low income earners like people in kanombe might not get the chance to enjoy the special offers since they spend less. A regular and steady purchase is per three months is viewed through the data provided in the queries, but changes in that may arise due to sudden demand of a product of reduction in stock which may reduce our delivery system and plans.

## *Prescriptive*
Advertising the best selling items so as to even sell more could be a good start so as to increase monthly sales. During the busy season make sure to use the extra income to store an extra items in the stock so as to avoid running out of stock. Customer who spend less per region should be offered a discount lets say of 10% or more so as to attract them and improve the sales per region. check month-per-month spending and make sure based on those data to reward the best customer who spent more by providing them with special offers.
